I'm Tiffany Michelle and we're inside
the poker room of Joe Cassidy eating a
banana on break from the deuce to seven
triple draw right Joe what's your
favorite word banana what's your least
favorite word no what's your favorite
sound oh I can't replicate that all
right very nice what was my favorite
sound
I really don't know I don't know what's
your least favorite sound it's got least
favorite sound Wow maybe like
high-pitched screaming what turns you on
smile for me what turns you off
I don't know what do we cliche to say
like close minded people that is not
cliche that is a good answer okay what
profession other than yours would you
most like to attempt what profession
other than mine maybe like something fun
professional pool player professional
golfer what profession would you least
like to attempt something that requires
a lot of organization like
administrative assistant what's your
favorite curse word wow
fuck and if Heaven exists anywhere ever
the pearly gates what would you like to
hear God say we've been reviewing you
and you know it's been a long process
but welcome thank you so much for your
time Joe Cassidy and banana yeah for
pokernews.com I'm Tiffany Michelle we've
been inside the poker room with Joe
Cassidy
you